Ana, take my car.
I gave you the recorder,
right?
Oh, yes.
And you have
all the questions?
Yes.
And you know
where you're going?
Yes, I do have a GPS.
And a 4.0 GPA.
I can figure it out.
Are you wearing that?
Okay, maybe a little
less talking,
more eating.
How about that?
Wow.
Miss Kavanagh?
May I take your coat?
Oh. Yeah. Um...
She's...
Okay, so...
Mr. Grey will see you now.
Okay.
This way, please.
Okay- RECEPTIONIST: Mr. Grey has
a conference call at 11 :15.
Right this way.
Miss Kavanagh.
Are you all right?
Christian Grey.
I'm Anastasia Steele.
Um, Miss Kavanagh has the flu,
so she asked me to fill in.
I see.
So, you're studying
journalism as well.
No, English Lit.
Urn...
Kate's my roommate.
As I said,
I only have 10 minutes.
Please, have a seat,
Miss Steele.
Okay.
Thank you.
Ready?
Whenever you are.
Okay. Urn...
So, this is for the special
graduation issue
of the student newspaper.
Yes, I'm giving the commencement
address at this year's ceremony.
You are?
Imean, urn...
I know.
Uh... "You are very young to
have amassed such an empire.
"To what do you owe your..."
To what do I owe
my success?
Yep.
Seriously?
Yes.
Business is about people.
And I've always
been good at people.
What motivates them,
what incentivizes them,
what inspires them.
Um, maybe you're
just lucky.
I've always found
that the harder I work,
the more luck
I seem to have.
The key to my success has been in
identifying talented individuals
and harnessing
their efforts.
So, you're a control freak?
Oh, I exercise control in
all things, Miss Steele.
Okay. Urn...
"Your company is
involved primarily
"in the telecommunications
sector,
"yet you also invest in
numerous agricultural projects,
"including several in Africa.
"Is that something that you
feel passionate about?
"Feeding the world's poor?"
It's smart business.
You don't agree?
I don't know
enough about it.
I just wonder if
perhaps your heart might be a bit
bigger than you want to let on?
There are some people who say
that I don't have a heart at all.
Why would they say that?
Because they know me well.
Go on.
Um... "Do you have any
interests outside of work?"
I enjoy various
physical pursuits.
You're unmarried.
Oh.
You were adopted at age four.
That's a matter
of public record.
I'm sorry, I didn't...
Do you have an actual
question, Miss Steele?
Yeah, sorry.
"Are you gay?"
It's written here,
I'm just...
No, Anastasia.
I'm not gay.
I apologize, Mr. Grey.
Kate can be a little...
Intrusive?
Curious.
What about you?
Why don't you ask me something
that you want to know?
Earlier, you said that there are
some people who know you well.
Why do I get the feeling
that, that is not true?
Mr. Grey, your next meeting
is in the conference room.
Cancel, please.
We're not finished here.
Yes, sir.
No... I'm...
I can go. It's fine.
I would like to
know more about you.
There's really not much
to know about me.
You said you're
an English major?
Tell me,
was it Charlotte Bronté,
Jane Austen,
or Thomas Hardy
who first made you
faHinlove with literature?
Hardy.
I would have guessed
Jane Austen.
What are your plans
after you graduate?
I'm just trying to
get through finals right now.
And then?
And then I was planning
on moving here, to Seattle,
with Kate.
We offer an excellent
internship program.
I don't think
I'd fit in here.
Look at me.
I am.
I hope you got
everything you needed.
I... I think you only
answered four questions.
Anastasia.
Christian.
Holy cow.
Urn...
Before you say anything...
You're a goddess.
This is perfect.
What?
I just got his e-mail.
He answered every question.
So, what was he like?
Urn...
He was fine.
"Fine"?
Just fine?
Um, he was really polite,
and he was courteous,
and very formal,
and clean.
"Clean"?
I mean, he was very smart.
And intense.
It was kind of intimidating.
I can understand
the fascination.
Uh-huh.
Why are you
looking at me like that?
Like what?
Okay.
I'm gonna make a sandwich.
Do you want one?
No, thanks.
You have to admit,
he's ridiculously hot.
I'm sure if you
are attracted to that
sort of human, then...
The hot type of human?
I asked him if he was gay.
That was in your questions.
Why would you
do that to me?
Because whenever he's
in the society pages,
he's never been photographed
with a woman- So, naturally...
Well, maybe he just wants to keep
his private life private, Kate.
And now you're defending him.
I'm terminating
this conversation.
Too bad we don't have
some original stills
of your hot, clean
27-year-old billionaire.
The camera loves him
almost as much as you do.
Okay, I wasn't hungry,
but now I am.
Thank you.
I love you.
"I declared
I could not change,
"yet you tell me to my face
"I shall change soon.
"And what a distortion
in yourjudgment,
"what a perversity
in your ideas..."
Ana. I've been looking for you.
What's up?
Guess what.
What?
Portland Place is going to exhibit
my photographs next month.
Oh, my God.
Congratulations!
That's so good!
Solo show, corazén.
Can we celebrate later? Because
I'm really late for work.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. You got it.
But, um...
Hold on.
Thank you.
You're my hero.
I'll see you later.
ANASTASIAI Okay.
Mom, I'm at work.
Can I call you back?
Oh, no, wait.
I called for a reason.
Bob broke his foot playing
golf, of all things.
God. Is he okay?
Is he in a lot of pain?
Who can tell with the man?
He calls the paramedics
for a blister.
It means, though, we won't be
able to fly in for graduation.
Really?
You don't wanna just come alone?
You don't have to bring Bob.
Ah. And leave Tiger Woods
to fend for himself?
You do understand.
Don't you, darling?
Yeah. Yeah, it's fine.
Um, I really
have to go, okay?
I love you, Ana.
I know. I love you, too.
Oh, God.
Ana.
Could you give me
a hand out back?
Uh, yeah.
I'll be right there.
I thought it was you.
What the...
What a pleasant surprise,
Miss Steele.
Just "Ana."
You're in here.
I was in the area
on business.
I needed to pick
up a few things.
Are you free?
Yeah.
What can I help you with?
Do you stock cable ties?
Cable ties, yes. We do.
I can show you,
if you want.
Please lead the way,
Miss Steele.
Just "Ana."
Is that it?
Masking tape.
Are you redecorating?
No.
Um, we have two-inch
and one-inch.
But the truly
self-respecting handyman
will have both
in his toolbox.
Of course he will.
Mmm-hmm.
It's rare to find
a connoisseur these days.
Do you want anything else?
Yes.
Rope.
That's impressive.
Are you a Girl Scout?
Urn, no.
Organized group activities
aren't really my thing.
So what is your "thing"?
Urn...
I don't know. Books?
Okay.
Rope, tape, cable ties.
You're the complete
serial killer.
Not today.
Anything else?
What would you recommend?
For a do-it-yourself er?
Um...
Maybe coveralls,
so you protect your clothes.
I could just take
all my clothes off.
Okay.
No clothes.
I mean, no coveralls.
I can't think
of anything else.
Well, I guess
that's it, then.
Cool.
Thank you for answering
Kate's questions, by the way.
She was thrilled.
I hope she's feeling better.
She is, yeah, much.
She's just having a hard time
clearing a photo of you, I think.
If she'd like an original,
I'm around tomorrow.
You'd be willing
to do that?
Yeah.
Want me to bag
for you, Ana?
Oh. Uh, no, I'm good.
Thanks, though, Paul.
Okay.
I'm staying
locally at the Heathman.
Call me before 10:00.
About the photos.
Oh.
Yeah, I will.
EnJOY your...
Thanks again
for doing this, Mr. Grey.
I'm happy to help.
Uh, how about we try
a few with a smile?
Or not.
You do realize that
he hasn't stopped looking at you.
He asked me
to go for coffee afterwards.
What?
Kate, shh.
So, is he your boyfriend?
Who?
The photographer.
José?
No.
I saw the way
he was smiling at you.
No, José is
more like family.
He's not my boyfriend.
And the guy at the store?
Paul?
No.
Thank you.
You seem nervous.
I find you intimidating.
You should.
Eat.
Not to mention high-handed.
I'm used to
getting my own way.
That must get very boring.
Tell me about your family.
My family? Um...
Okay.
My dad died
when I was a baby.
So, I was raised by
my stepfather, Ray.
He's amazing.
And your mother?
Um, my mother is on
husband number four.
She's an incurable romantic.
Are you?
Am I a romantic?
Well, I study English Lit.
So, I kind of have to be.
I thought the photo
shoot went well. Right?
Kate seems to be really...
I'm sorry, I can't...
What?
I'll walk you out.
Do you have a girlfriend?
Is that it?
I don't do the girlfriend thing.
What does that even...
Watch it!
I'm not the man for you.
You should
steer clear of me.
I have to let you go.
Goodbye, Mr. Grey.
All right, pencils down.
Please take your final exams
to the back of the classroom.
Final grades will be
posted in two weeks.
Hey. You all good?
Yeah. Why wouldn't I be?
We are so partying tonight.
on, my God.
This is way too much.
No, this is exactly
the right amount.
You're getting it
all over my face.
That's the idea.
Wow. No, Kate.
Cab's early. Let's go.
Ana,
it's a package for you.